Support bucket refs in Encore.ts (#1583)
encoredev/encore: docs/ts/primitives/object-storage.md

and the `notExists: true` option is set), it throws a `PreconditionFailed` error.

Other errors are returned as `ObjectsError` errors (which the above errors also extend).

> ## Using bucket references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bucket references
```

Encore uses static analysis to determine which services are accessing each bucket,
and what operations each service is performing.

> That information is used to provision infrastructure correctly,
> render architecture diagrams, and configure IAM permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That information is used for features such as rendering architecture diagrams, and can be used by Encore's Cloud Platform to provision infrastructure correctly and configure IAM permissions.
```

> This means that `Bucket` objects can't be passed around however you'd like,
> as it makes static analysis impossible in many cases. To work around these restrictions
> Encore allows you to get a "reference" to a bucket that can be passed around any way you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means `Bucket` objects can't be passed around however you like,
as it makes static analysis impossible in many cases. To simplify your workflow, given these restrictions,
Encore supports defining a "reference" to a bucket that can be passed around any way you want.
```

> This is done by calling `bucket.ref<DesiredPermissions>()`, where `DesiredPermissions` is one of the pre-defined
> permission types defined in the `encore.dev/storage/objects` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using bucket references

Define a bucket reference by calling `bucket.ref<DesiredPermissions>()` from within a service, where `DesiredPermissions` is one of the pre-defined permission types defined in the `encore.dev/storage/objects` module.
```
